Hazards: (d8)
1: The party stumbles into thick thorny vines. The player who rolled the d100 must succeed on a
DC 13 Dexterity saving throw or take 2d4 slashing damage.

2: The players begin to lose their footing as the ground begins sliding down the mountain underneath them.
All players make a DC 13 Strength saving throw. Those who fail slide down the mountain for about 100 feet
and are severely battered by stones, taking 2d4 bludgeoning damage.

3: A rock slips from under the player’s foot. They must make a DC 13 Dexterity
saving throw, taking 3d6 fall damage on a failure as they fall about 30 ft.

4: A forgotten hunting trap activates. The player who rolled must make a DC 13 Dexterity
saving throw to avoid the trap, taking 2d6 piercing damage on a failure. The player is
then restrained until they (or someone next to them) succeeds on a DC 13 Strength check
to free themselves. Each unsuccessful attempt causes the creature to take an additional 1d4 piercing damage.

(In the first two rounds of d100 rolling, if numbers 5-8 are rolled as hazards, subtract 4 from the number rolled.)

5: Ferocious winds threaten to blow the players off course. Until the end of the
player’s next turn, ranged attacks and Wisdom checks are made at disadvantage. The
players must also make a DC 10 Constitution saving throw or suffer a level of Exhaustion from the cold.

6: Lightning strikes one of the players. It makes an attack roll with +5 to hit, dealing 2d6 lightning damage on a hit.

7: As the players are walking across a patch of ice, it begins to crack under them.
On a failed DC 15 Dexterity saving throw, they take 2d6 cold damage and suffer disadvantage
on constitution saving throws as their foot slips through the ice into cold water. The target
is restrained until they (or an ally helping them) succeed on a DC 13 Acrobatics check,
taking an additional 1d6 damage on a fail.

8: The players can hear a rumbling noise coming from a nearby peak. They see an avalanche
coming towards them, they have one round to prepare (if they make checks, the DC is 13
for Strength and Intelligence and 15 for Dexterity and Perception). After that, they must
succeed on a DC 15 Strength / Dexterity saving throw (possibly with advantage, depending
on how well they prepared). They take 2d6 bludgeoning + 1d6 cold damage on a failed save
or half as much on a successful one. On a fail, they are swept up by the snow and buried.
They can try to dig themselves out with a DC 13 Athletics check. If the other players try
to help, they must first succeed on a DC 17 Investigation check to find them, but the DC
for the Athletics check is lowered to 10. If a player takes more than 3 rounds to escape, 
they must make a Constitution saving throw or suffer a level of exhaustion.
