Items: (d20)
1: A leather hat someone has lost a long time ago

2: A broken sign that says “Beware! Gi” (it’s unfinished,
it looks like the next letter was going to be an A)

3: A tuft of herbs that could be made into three potions of lesser
healing with a DC 14 Medicine check (requiring a fire and a pot of water)

4: An hourglass - damaged but not beyond repair.

5: A mountain goat dressed in tattered wizard robes. Yes, Banacha can ride it.
No, it doesn’t make her immune to falling off cliffs, it will in fact die at the
first available opportunity unless Banacha tries incredibly hard to keep it safe.

6: A squirrel is trying to stick a gigantic acorn (the size of a plum) into the
ground. It runs away when the party approaches and leaves the acorn behind.

7: The remains of a thunder cannon not unlike the one Banacha uses.

8: The skeleton of a dwarf, apparently somewhat recent. The bones have
been licked clean by wild animals, but a successful DC 12 Investigation
check reveals a pouch containing a gemstone worth 25 gp.

9: A rolled up tent. When unrolled, one side seems to be heavily damaged and
there are clear signs of claws on what remains. With the right tools, the tent
can be fixed as part of a short rest with a successful DC 12 Sleight of Hand
check - though it’s not of the highest quality.

10: The players notice several birds lying on the ground in strange positions.
They seem to be gray in colour, and touching them reveals the texture of stone. (They’re dwarf-made)

11: A map of a land that none of the players have ever heard of.

12: A bottle of what appears to be wine. If anyone drinks from it,
they must make a Constitution saving throw. On a 13 or lower, they
throw up immediately. On a 7 or lower, they also take 1d6 poison damage.

13: A (badly damaged) minotaur skeleton with a (badly damaged) greatsword
on its chest. The letter ‘B’ is etched into the blade just below the handle.

14: A very dirty and weatherbeaten book. Most of the text is ineligible, but
there are drawings of what appear to be various monsters.

15: A horn. It seems to still work just fine.

16: The remains of a campfire with the very old remains of a chicken.

17: A stone with dwarvish runes carved into it. The runes read
“Tell the [non-dwarves] this stone is magical.”

18: The wind carries a fine robe into the player’s face. If wrapped
around someone, it grants them a +1 to Constitution saves against cold.

19: The remains of a saddle bag containing a silver ring (worth 10 gp)

20: A spell scroll that casts Blindness on whoever reads it.
